Look, [name], you’re a lovely girl, so let me just be frank here. There’s two ways we could do this: 1. I could ask you on a date, we would go out and have a lovely, romantic dinner. At first there would be a bit of awkwardness, since we don’t really know each other and met over snapchat, but you will quickly come to realize that I’m a funny and personable guy--even if I’m a little bit introverted and shy--and you will quickly relax into my company and enjoy yourself. From there, things would go smoothly: frequent dates progressing into a deeper relationship, where we would love and laugh and enjoy each other’s company. Eventually I will pluck up the courage to ask for your hand in marriage. We have a lovely ceremony filled with friends and family, and you look stunning in a long white gown. We move into our first house together. It’s a small fixer-upper, but it is perfect for starting a family together, and we enjoy bonding as we work together on the weekends to make it into the home of our dreams. Approximately a year later, you become pregnant, and quit work, and I take over the financial responsibilities, which I am more than happy and capable of doing so that my lovely wife is able to rest and prepare for our child. We welcome our first child into the world--not going to say whether it is a boy or a girl because I don’t like to make assumptions about the future and how things will turn out like that--and it is a beautiful time. Not long after our second child comes along, things between to go downhill. You let yourself go and now only have time for the kids. I’m working long, grueling hours to provide for the family, and, tragically, love departs from the relationship. I begin an affair with my secretary, Veronique, a leggy young blonde from Austria who is just boiling with enthusiasm to climb the corporate ladder (she is from a broken family and has had no real father figure, and on top of that, she was dumped by her boyfriend of 3 years only a month ago, leaving her lonely and insatiably devoid of any physical romance. This has left her very longing for a man to take care of her carnal needs, and suffice to say, she is very open to trying different things). Eventually, my stupidity and poor ability to lie leads to you finding out about the affair between me and Veronique. A bitter divorce ensues, and our family is torn to sunders. You retain custody of the kids, and after an arduous legal battle, we decide that I will be allowed to see them every-other-weekend. After all the stress of our embattled legal war, you have turned to the bottle for solace, neglecting our children, who now must grow up without an unstable mother and an absent father who despise each other. Although I would hate to be separated from you like that, it is really the children who would be the most hurt by all this. They are innocent in all that has happened, and it just isn’t fair to them. Which brings me to option 2: We have a quickie, use a cock-sock, I pleasure you in ways you have never even dreamed of, and we go our separate ways with the understanding that there is no real meaning behind this and the possibility of seeing each other again in the same capacity at a later date if we so choose. Everyone wins!
I would do battle with a pack of wild mountain lions inside of a handicapped stall at a local McDonalds with my hands zip tied behind my back and a blindfold over my eyes with my only weapon being a shake weight super glued to my forehead just to get the chance to share a cold, two-day old slice of pizza with you over Skype with a dial-up connection.
Are you into fitness? How bout fitness dick in your mouth?
Are you into dragons? Cos you're gonna love it when I'm dragon these nuts across your face.
Is your father in jail? Because if I was your father, I'd be in jail.
I heard you are looking for a stud. I've got the STD; all I need is u.
I'm not sure what's smaller: the chance that you aren't going to let me smash or my penis.
I've had sex with -1 girls. Wanna get even?
Do you like BLTs? Because I wanna B my L on your T's.
I don't have much time so just listen. I'm from the future, and in the future, the sex machines have taken over. They've sent a terminator back in time to orgasm you to death. Cum with me if you want to live.
Roses are red. Violets are fine. I'll be the the six. If you be the nine.
Can you believe there's going to be 7 planets left soon?! After I destroy Uranus.
Feel free to use my face as a mechanical bull.
Do you know what I would do if I could rearrange the alphabet? I'd put my P in your B hole <OR> I'd put the D in U.
Your family will hate me. I'll try to get with your best friend, I never remember to pay the bills on time, and I always leave the toilet seat up, but after our one drunken night and my approximately 6.5 minutes of glory, my tongue of a lesbian and my penis of the Gods will renew your perspective on a what a man should be. What I'm trying to say here is that I want to see you naked.
20 questions. You first. Ever done butt stuff?
I would live in your tits.
I would live in your ass.
You better not shout, you better not cry, you better not pout, I'm coming in dry.
You make all the other girls on tinder look like Rosie O'Donnel's bowel movement.
How would you feel about a guy who braids his chest hair?
When I saw your picture, I just knew I had to swipe right. I don't know if you feel the same when you swiped right. Maybe it was my devilishly good looks. In any case, would you be my Tinderella and listen to The Jungle Book soundtrack as I go down on you for hours?
Wow [name], you're an angel. I am going to consult Mahatma Gandhi's famous quote in order to be able to accurately sum up your heavenly beauty: "Datum url, you shit with dat ass?"
Hey there. So my roommate is jerking his chicken so loudly that I can hear it through the door, and I think he shoots the moon (ya know, when you put your finger in your ass so you can come immediately?) so I was just wondering if you could just kinda, talk me through this?
My couch pulls out but I don't
Do you like to draw? Because I put the d in raw.
When I look at your pics I hear Kelly Clarkson songs and blood immediately goes to my penis. The love is real.
Can I kiss you where you pee?
I know what you're thinking...Yes. It is only 5 inches. But it's a beefy 5 inches. You won't regret it more than normal.
I prefer my women like my coffee. Without clothes on and with my dick in their ass. In other news, my dick is severely burned, so can I just see how far I can fit my hand inside of you for the time being?
So...you gonna let me make you cum so hard your shrieks of pleasure shatter all of the windows in your house?

I. I believe. I believe you'll. I believe you'll send. I believe you'll send me nudes...I believe you'll send me nudes...
I'd love to chain you to a radiator in my basement and make you cut out pictures of eyes from Cosmo magazines.
I would brush my teeth with you
Ever been in an Amber Alert? Do you want to be?
I'm going to disappoint you so good
Anal or nah?
If I flip a coin, what are the odds that I'll get head?
Ay girl. I would pick you up in my '98 Nissan with a body kit, take you to Taco Bell and put it all on debit. Let you get that crunch wrap baby. We lock eyes as we take whale-sized gulps out of our 42oz Baja Blasts and know the moment is right. I'd take you all the way to the liquor store and buy the cheapest boxed wine I can find, with what little torn dollar bills I have left and take you back to my place where the minorities fight constantly upstairs. I'd let you take a seat on my couch, pour that room temperature wine out of the box and into some styrofoam dixie cups and just let you watch whatever you want on Netflix before my neighbors catch me stealing their wifi again.
Brian, Carlos, Evan, Dana and Farra are trying to find seats in a movie theater. Brian must sit next to Dana, no matter what. Dana cannot sit next to Evan. Carlos must sit on Dana's right, even if Evan sits in the aisle. There must be one seat between Farra and Brian. If Brian sits next to the aisle, will you sit on my face?
Ay gurl r u a prius? Cuz u aren't giving me any sounds or indications that u r turned on right now
Your body is 70% water and I am thirsty!
When I was born I had two choices: to have a perfect memory, or to have a huge dick. Unfortunately for you, I can't remember which one I chose.
What do you look like naked?
Describe your boobs accurately in one word
Show me your shit box u whore
Damn girl...you make me wanna knit both of us matching sweaters
Oh heavenly, blessed beauty, I'd love to cuddle up with you under some warm blankets and watch Netflix, but only if your ass isn't flat.
Fuck/Marry/Kill: Me, Hitler, and me again. Go!
I'd piss in your butt...Erotically.
I'll never forget my grandfathers last words. They hold a deep meaning to me. "HOLY SHIT A TRUCK"
Are you the SAT? Cause I'd do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes, stopping periodically for snack breaks.
I have a top hat that fits on my penis.
You look like you hurting for a squirtin
I just got pulled over by a cop writing my first message to you. He gave me the whole "texting and driving" lecture and was about to write me a ticket, but then I showed him your picture and explained what tinder was. He let me off with a warning and said that I better get your number.
Hey you! Sorry, my phone auto corrected my message. What I really said was I wanna put peanut butter on one hold of a large cucumber and put it in your butt so it sticks with the the other half out, spray paint a beaten-up metal garbage can lid green and tape it to your back and make you wander around my room like a lost turtle while I throw bread at you. But anyways, how's your day going?
Oh heavenly, blessed one, whose beauty is as timeless as those of the great pyramids! I would do battle with a group of hippopotamus with nothing more than a hand carved shank from a Turkish prison, jump into a piranha infested river with two rhinoceros beetles gnawing my testicles, and dive to the depths of the challenger deep with nothing but Sarah Jessica Parker's queefs as my air supple just to next to the guy who sat next to you on the bus in high school.
I would tea bag a bear trap just to see you naked.
I want you to be the first girl I use Plan B with
I would love to tickle your tummy. From the inside.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put my dick in your ass
I would drag my dick through a mile of broken glass just to see you naked on an old CRT television with lots of static
I don't mean to offend you, but would you please donate a picture of your tits or ass for charity?
Do you like CDs and tapes? Cuz you're gonna C Deez nuts when I take my dick to your forehead
[name] I'm going to be 100% honest with you. I saw your pictures and the first thing I though is "I'm trying to hit that raw". Please send nudes so I can confirm that my intuition is correct.
Are you opposed to butt stuff?
Can I stick my finger up your butt hole?
R u into anal
Use my face as a bicycle seat.
I have one question and one question only: butt stuff?
I have just one question for you before I get your number. What's your number?
How about you and I grab a gourmet dollar menu dinner together sometimes? My treat
do you work at subway? because you give me a footlong
That outfit looks really good on you. Then again, so would I.
How do you like your eggs in the morning girl? Fertilized?
Ayy girl. They call me Snowstorm, because I can give you a few inches and really inconvenience your evening.
Is there a keg in your pants? Because I want to tap that ass.
Ay girl are you a beaver? Cuz dam.
plz respond
AYO GIRL LEMME CLAP DEM CHEEKS
Girl, you been to Ireland? Because every time I see you my penis is Dublin.
Hey. Bad news: my dick just died. Can I bury it in your ass?
Ay babe, you from Iraq? Cuz I think you should Baghdad ass up, gurrrl
Babe you should sell hot dogs, because you already know how to make a weiner stand.
I want to cover you in green paint and spank you like a disobedient avocado.
Are there 21 letters in the alphabet? Oh wait never mind, I forgot u r a q t
I'd rate you 9/10, but it's lucky we met, because I'm the 1 you need.
Wow. Are you a parking ticket? Cos you got 'fine' written all over you.
Do you have any Italian in you? Want some?
Damn. I wish you were my big toe so I could bang you on my coffee table.
You must be gasoline, cos even though you're expensive, I'd still pump you in my van
Girl you must be stage 3 Neurosyphillis because I can't get you out of my mind
Do you have pet insurance? Because I'm about to destroy your pussy.
Do you like Wendys? Cos you're gonna love it Wendys nuts slap your face
Are you a carpenter? Cuz I got some hardwood that needs sanding
Girl, I'd love to kiss you just once on the lips, then maybe I'd move up to your waist
Are you an antique? Because I have some junk that hasn't been touched in years.
